this is my fpv receiver setup
I've got 25.8 500 milliwatts receivers
one here one there and a battery to
power one for each kind of a redundancy
for right now this is just a temporary
setup until I get my Eagle t3 tracker
and then it'll be probably my final
version anyways from here if we go down
a little lower here this is the Eagle
tree eagle-eyes fbv station it's got a
diversity the tracking telemetry it's
got two videos in one on each side here
the diversity picks the best signal and
sends it out to the four AV outs one is
to my DVR recorder which is on the other
side and the other two sometimes use a
monitor and sometimes use goggles just
depends on the mood and I still have a
an extra set up here so it requires a
battery too so I'm running three
batteries right now which I might switch
to one larger battery but right now this
is working so I think I'll just leave it
alone on the leg is that 12 DB I
directional antenna so I just point it
and
in the direction where I'm going to go
and and let it do its thing when I get
the ego to track or I'll be mounting
this so it's actually swiveling around
and tracking the air plate for longer
distances and stuff like that it's
pretty light and the legs fold up that
probably goes up another or at least
another two feet up to eye level anyways
so this is what I'm using right now I
thought I'd just make a little clip let
everybody see and that's it